1.Ahmed Ali is my partner

2.These .txt files would be good to record my progress in my project as well as my thoughts in the class,
I'd love feedback but I don't expect it. There is a lot of people in the class and I feel that I get enough feeback.

3. I will read it by thursday...

4.The relationship "is-a", describes passing a type to an instance or varible, where the relationship "has-a", describes 
sub-objects, parameters, or members of a class. For example: Drumspider "is-a" electronic music producer.
Drumspider "has-a" party affinity.

5. The state of the software is determined by the field containing parameters and inputs, where the behavior
takes these conditions and applies methods and operations based on their state. Identity can be expressed through
the uniqueness in objects and their address in the memory. Each object has a unique address.

6. I think that the class to interface relationship is one of "has-a", Where the class Indiemusican has the
interface Songwriter and implements it.

7. I think that the class Indiemusician to Guitar instrument relationship is one of the "has-a", where the Guitar
instrument is a parameter that the class Indiemusician has.

#could be better: 8. The java interface is different from a class declaration because a class implements
methods and interfaces, which carry more methods and more parameters.

9. "Implements" is the keyword that indicates the relationship between a class and an interface.

10. In the java API, java.security provides a security framework through classes that implement interfaces.

11...
public void rockOut() {
    System.out.println("daaaala la la la, la lots uh pape uh");
}

12. interfaces are advantagious in the sence that they can save refactoring time. By implementing an interface, 
the programmer prepares for changes to be made in the future. Rather than having to rewrite more unwieldly code.

13.An interface in the Java programming language is an abstract type that is used to specify an interface
that classes must implement. Interfaces are declared using the interface keyword,
and may only contain method signature and constant declarations.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interface_(java)
In english an interface helps us deal with an object or class. It allows mor access to the user within the class.

14. In computer programming, an application programming interface specifies how some software components
should interact with each other. Wikipedia
Moreover it is how to programs communicate or work in conjunction.
The Android software API is written in java.

15. Interfaces are usefull because they can provide means for web-scrapping instead of manually writting the code. 
If Interfacing were impossible one could perhaps use and API to the website that might provide another interface?...
at least an API is an alternative.
